Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
iPhone: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you praying
iPhone: Hi. I was
iPhone: A little
iPhone: Little meditation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you okay crazy how are you
iPhone: Oh, it's been that way for about a week so little crazy. Yeah.
iPhone: I think there's a lot of planetary action.
iPhone: They're
Going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow. It's just been one thing after another and for you for the week.
iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, just a little bit crazy.
iPhone: Yeah, it's like the full moon which
iPhone: Was a delayed reaction over here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until it feels here too.
iPhone: Oh, I'm, I'm, do I feel quite good quite I've been physically very fatigued, but mentally quite good.
iPhone: Working a lot
iPhone: Yeah, and just maintaining this week. I didn't do anything, usually I try to get out and do something at least on my weekend days to qualify as fun, but I just decided to rest this weekend, and I'm glad I did it. I stayed in jammies all one day and I felt very good about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, we need days like that, don't we
Uh huh.
iPhone: Yes. Excuse me. Yes.
iPhone: And been working on my energy and trying to keep it clear and
iPhone: Doing those types of meditations, or you know affirmations.
And I'm working
iPhone: I don't know. I'm not sure it's, um, this is, this one is kind of a whole probably just about a five day journey I've included people with me. People that have been on my heart and people that I know could use it.
iPhone: Excuse me I'm releasing energy now.
iPhone: But I wish you know i already committed them to this program. So there are along for the ride.
iPhone: I was still caregiving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh god.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's everything been going on at home.
iPhone: A little silly.
iPhone: A little silly. I think he, my husband has not smoked pot for a few days or something. And so he's acting like a two year old who lost his baby blanket.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is, how long have you been smoking weed marijuana. Sorry.
iPhone: Probably
iPhone: Oh, probably his whole life, and he had
iPhone: He had quit drinking 27 years ago, but then about 17 years ago or
iPhone: Somewhere along there started smoking pot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And has been smoking it
iPhone: For most of this whole time.
iPhone: And he quits once in a while, but everyone around him suffers for it. So usually, some will say, why don't you just go fucking smoke.
iPhone: And
iPhone: And something I haven't said that, and nobody. I don't think my son has said that and but I think he's hoping that will say that he's misbehaving so terribly
iPhone: But that's what that is. I it was funny because I was thinking about it earlier. He's just so stupid when he smokes, but I forgot how he is when he quit.
iPhone: So what is it. So that's his journey. And if he content, you know, if he wants to do it without pop that would be nice and nice change for everybody.
iPhone: But that's what you know his journey. I'm not playing the game. I'm not, I'm not caressing him and soothing calming congratulating him for a job well done. I'm just not. I'm just not getting involved.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's not a bad idea.
iPhone: Yeah, kind of keeping my mouth shut about the whole thing.
iPhone: And pretending like I don't hear his moans and literally verbal moans and groans and
iPhone: So yeah, he's an ever present thing but I I've kind of tuned them out. I've tried to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you able to get over to that shop.
iPhone: Yes, I stopped in the shop, but I didn't get a massage. Yet I stopped in and sat
iPhone: And actually canceled my massage that I had last Friday, cuz I was just
iPhone: I was just too tired.
iPhone: I wanted to go home instead
iPhone: By Friday, but I had stopped in over the weekend and just sat for a little bit.
iPhone: And
iPhone: It felt good it felt good. It's, you know, I have all these ideas of wanting to do things for me. Yesterday I saw something about it, an acrylic painting class.
iPhone: And gosh, I would love that. And I might look into that all these things always sound good when I sign up or when I think of it, but then it's like a chore. When I have to
iPhone: Learn the time comes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
You. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The class.
iPhone: The class. It's just one month.
iPhone: It's just one, four weeks, two hours on Tuesday nights.
iPhone: So that might be nice and not too much and Tuesdays at like today Tuesday. If I still have some energy, you know, to give. And it's very close to my home. So there's not many reasons I shouldn't go
iPhone: So I will inquire further I got it on
iPhone: Their website this morning, but I did not
iPhone: See what I need. It's all have to make a phone call.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
And
iPhone: I think I, I used to be so creative and loved doing various things and haven't done anything for a long time in that area. I think it'll be very good for me.
Every part of my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it will be too. I think that massager be good for you to
iPhone: Right, right.
iPhone: Right.
iPhone: And funny that way, Rebecca, cuz
iPhone: I don't know what it is, because I know I'm worth it. And I know I love it. But if someone at work needs me. I go, oh, they need me at work. I better take care of them first.
Hmm.
iPhone: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
iPhone: Pattern. I don't know.
iPhone: I'm not sure.
iPhone: Because I do feel worthy of it.
iPhone: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember you've been a caregiver for how long.
iPhone: Yes, decades.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how old is your son.
iPhone: 27
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, you know, a minimum of 27 years you've been a been a caregiver to somebody other than yourself.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, you know, that's a long time to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be caring for everybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why it's that's why it feels the way that it does whenever you go to do something for yourself and you'll take that side route to help somebody else first because that's what's natural
iPhone: Probably, yes. Yeah.
iPhone: Yes, so I have to break the habit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, at least at least work on it you know be be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be willing to do something and commit and honestly when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you said that you didn't go to your massage, but you're thinking about signing up for a class that's four weeks, two hours long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And Raj is
One hour.
iPhone: I'm like,
iPhone: Right. I know, I know, I know you're right. Yeah. Okay.
iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's all we were talking about you doing is committing one hour one time.
iPhone: Period. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I do have to tell you, walking in and sitting in the place and being able to sit there, you know, is a step forward.
iPhone: You know, yes, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you did do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's one step.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would definitely i i think that i if I were you, I would commit to something that's only a one time event before I expand
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't care what is something that's a one time event that you're able to go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before you commit yourself to a month and then not go
iPhone: Okay yeah that's that's a good idea.
iPhone: You're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Busy, you know what I mean. And I get it by the end of Friday. The only thing you want to do is go home and turn the world off.
iPhone: I understand it. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally understand it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what about like on a Saturday. What do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have running plans on Saturdays. Are they open
iPhone: No, no. Not often. No, it depends on, you know, the calendar once in a while I'll get a ticket. We have two beautiful theater here. And if I, if there's something going on and I can grab one of the back row $20 tickets. I'll, I'll get tickets for that or
iPhone: the Saturday before I went to the Giants fan fest. So I got out of the house and went to the city. So I kind of had to push myself because I would have would have been just as easy to stay home and I you know what I was proud of myself that I went
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
iPhone: Yeah, you shouldn't because I went and I
iPhone: Made a day out of it. I just enjoyed it. So I was yeah I did that.
iPhone: So you do the one time thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, actually I did and I did something else. The week before it was like, Okay, this is good. I'm you know I am trying
iPhone: Last week I committed to not doing anything. And, and I was I was okay with that.
iPhone: My body really needed it.
iPhone: Good. But, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's important. Sometimes just not to
iPhone: Do, right, I have a commitment, so
iPhone: And it's to go to the theater for music thing. So I'll start off the weekends with thing and I don't plan for it to end there.
iPhone: I think I'm a capital P procrastinator.
iPhone: I'd like to sign up for things
iPhone: Maybe even pay the fee.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, the idea is great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it sounds like a good thing. But when it comes down to going you know i mean if they take commitments and when you're working full time and you've got a family take care of, you know, it's really hard to commit yourself to something outside of what you do.
iPhone: It, it's
iPhone: Yeah, I didn't realize so hard. But yes, I do.
iPhone: Mm hmm.
iPhone: Well, the world is turning. Maybe I'll just start committing myself to a walk, several times a day, you know, and a 30 minute walk that would be nice for me. I'll bring my hat to work and get outside and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be good. I
iPhone: did that for a while. And that was a good idea. I did it last year.
iPhone: And then it stopped, but I can, I can try that again.
iPhone: I will try that again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's free.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, it is. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's going to be hard, you know the the transition to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, being a caretaker to caring for yourself first.
iPhone: Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a hard. It's a hard transition, but once you start doing it. It gets easier every time. And then you look forward to being able to, you know, do these things and get out and venture on your own and take care of yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it just takes sometimes it just takes an awful lot, and I get it.
iPhone: You know, busy. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah. You take care people to oh
iPhone: Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what else is happening with you.
iPhone: I have to share something that happened last night because I don't know where it came from. I told somebody. It was like a past life must have been a past life. Remember, it's because the something came on from the New Hampshire primary which were a few days ago.
iPhone: But they were talking about all the candidates and i just i started sobbing with this deep emotional. I didn't even know what it was about. But I was sobbing.
iPhone: And I'm
iPhone: You know, usually, along with something like that. I'll feel pride or I'll feel fear, but I didn't feel it wasn't identifiable and I can only compare it to when I saw Stone Mountain many years ago.
iPhone: I saw lived through parts of that I just sobbed and I believe in this stuff, but somebody told me
iPhone: A few years later that I in fact one of my past lives. I was a southern little southern girl whose brother went off to the Civil War and never came back.
iPhone: And so I thought, that's why. Oh, that's why that movie hit me so much. You know I made that comparison. And I'm not here to debate past lives or anything, but it was that kind of feeling from this debate.
iPhone: Or from the seeing these candidates. They weren't even debating it was just talking about an election and the possibility of one of them winning
iPhone: Or maybe there was fear because one of them. What might not win and. But I was so emotional I just it floored me I'm sobbing not crying not touched, but sob.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think there's like two pieces of that number one you are pretty passionate about what's going on with politics and then don't forget that you're grieving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're going through this whole process of healing and grieving, too. And we don't get to choose when our emotions go crazy or what triggers them, but we just get to sit through them right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's a perfect time whatever the whatever was said whatever the event was that triggered, you know that emotion to be so strong. I'm glad you said in it and got that stuff out, you know,
iPhone: Yeah.
Yeah, and
iPhone: So it was just
iPhone: I just I hadn't you know it was. Whoa. What is this, and I know it doesn't have to be identified. But it was so big it was like, oh,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You kind of lie, you lie. You know what I mean, you really have a lot you know you've got grief and loss going on, you've got frustration, you know, you're trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: work or learn how to take care of you. First, I mean you got all these things that are happening on top of the world's falling apart with our politics. So, and it's something that you know you're extremely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Passionate about
iPhone: Very true. You're right. Yes, yes.
iPhone: Yes.
iPhone: Yeah yeah yeah I even yes you're right, because I envisioned a new t shirt or sweatshirt and I envisioned all of us marching
iPhone: We have to make a statement, we have to get active, we have to change.
iPhone: My shirt says no more all this and then list a few that most toward things he's done.
iPhone: So, yeah.
iPhone: Oh, nice. Oh, good. I'm
iPhone: Anything. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I just, I was floored by it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're in that pro
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're in that process. You know, again, little things can trigger it stress can trigger it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: TV shows.
iPhone: Can trigger. Oh, yes, yes, yes.
iPhone: Very much so. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the important thing is is that you sat through it. You felt it walk through it processed it right
Yes.
iPhone: Yes, I did. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm glad you were triggered by politics.
iPhone: You must have needed that release, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah so need. Yeah.
iPhone: Quite, quite deep
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, you're right. It doesn't have to be explained. And it yeah said
iPhone: I forget the other things that are underlying on a daily basis. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just got to give yourself. It's all right. You know what I mean, you're in this place of growth and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Motions grow to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They've got to be released. Definitely.
iPhone: Yeah.
Right.
iPhone: Yeah, it's much better to have them come out and stuff them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because they came out in all different, crazy ways, you know, we get physically sick.
iPhone: Began panic attacks, anxiety, you know, it just comes out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sideways.
iPhone: If we don't deal with rice. Right.
On
iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what has been happening with you.
iPhone: Not much, not much.
iPhone: Not much. I know I haven't found my voice or used my voice as I feel like I should be in my relationship. Still, but I'm not ready to go there.
iPhone: And I'm not ready to go there. I'll see if he stays straight for a few, you know, a few a week or two more. And then maybe I'll talk to him, but
iPhone: I've kept my mouth shut, and at times. I've actually felt my throat.
iPhone: I had an article the other day that when it sees and I'm sure it's just my voice to be heard.
iPhone: A little chicken. Still, I don't want to open that up yet, because once I open it up. There's no going back.
iPhone: And
iPhone: He had talked about. He always toys with me in with his. He said that he was going to put you know go away for a week to 10 days and I get so excited and
iPhone: This and that. And I'm already I'm already planning to take a few days off of work just to enjoy my house while he's not fair and and then that falls down. You know, for this reason, or that no matter
iPhone: How much I even contribute towards it. As far as getting them out the door that falls apart and
iPhone: So I was disappointed there. I don't think he'll be leaving as he had talked about next week.
iPhone: And I was very disappointed because I had it planned. Oh my goodness. I had it planned. Oh.
iPhone: But I'm
iPhone: Gonna go
iPhone: There he was going to just drive from here to Kansas. He's got two daughters there.
iPhone: And two granddaughters
iPhone: And he was going to take a road trip.
iPhone: And why do we change his mind.
iPhone: I'm not sure.
iPhone: Maybe because I was too enthusiastic.
iPhone: Why he changed his mind. I don't know yet, for sure. Maybe today, I'll have that complete answer, but um but i don't i don't like I said, I don't want to talk too much.
iPhone: Right, so I haven't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's probably a part of why you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were so emotional. The other day to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you've got this this underlying thing that you're holding in, you're not, you know, you don't have your voice, you're not speaking what's really going on. And that plays a factor to and how it comes out.
iPhone: Yes. That makes sense.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
iPhone: Very true.
iPhone: It's like I've got all the right answers, but
iPhone: I haven't formulated the motions yet to go along with it. I'm holding them close to my heart. You know what I know, I know what he's been for 30 years I i I'm not gonna put them out there yet. I'm going to put them out there when I'm ready. And when I'm ready to deal with it.
iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable just, you know, be careful with their with holding resentment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that makes us sick to, you know,
iPhone: Right. Yes. Yes, I know it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's part of their is why it's so important that you you know amp up your self care as well you know that you take care of you do things for you that are good and healthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it puts you in a better mindset to to be able to walk through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into right ready cheap, you know, do whatever it is that, you know, turns out you're going to do.
iPhone: Right, yes, that's true. I can see that. Yes.
iPhone: Yes, it took all I had for the weekend to not share his depression which he was screaming from the mountaintops and
iPhone: And I just let him have it, boy, did you know I didn't let him have it but I let him.
iPhone: Know that
iPhone: I didn't
iPhone: Have to pick it up for him. Yes. And that was it, that sure was an easy because he was so big about it but
iPhone: I just
iPhone: I don't want to do that so
iPhone: I don't want to fix him so I'm working on me. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what was his response when you hit it and get the normal response from you.
iPhone: He got a little louder.
iPhone: And the event I hadn't heard
iPhone: But I just, you know what I did, then I then I went and turned on music so that I had something else. Filling the air instead of his moaning groaning things, whatever it was.
iPhone: I turned on the music, which isn't unusual in our home. But it wasn't john and he didn't turn it on and he usually does. So I did that.
iPhone: And it wasn't that I did it with an aha, or with a smirk, but I
iPhone: Great with just this. This is what I'd rather have
iPhone: That was nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And grounded out all the other
iPhone: Yes, he for me, it did for me it's dead. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long has it been since you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Quit engaging in this stuff with him.
iPhone: Since I've what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Responding to have
iPhone: A I'll probably I'm probably a month.
Maybe to do
iPhone: It's all going along with
iPhone: My new way of doing me
iPhone: Mm hmm. Because before when he did it and
iPhone: I would take my pills and participate, whichever you know was our normal go to chain.
iPhone: Right, and so it's just been a few months, maybe three probably three months.
iPhone: Because I think it was you who said that you have to do things differently or I have it written down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I looked at it often
iPhone: And I know that I have to do it differently because insanity is doing the same thing over and expecting different results.
And
iPhone: And we were swimming in insanity. So
iPhone: So for a few months, and
iPhone: It's funny because I he does get louder and
iPhone: But it's just
iPhone: Yeah, I'm, I'm kind of playing a different game. Then he's participating in at the time and I don't, I say a game lightly. I don't mean network, but the game that we always played
iPhone: You know he's he's on a different board game than I am. But he's making the same moves and it's not even working with it because I'm rolling dice now and he's still doing something else, but
iPhone: So we're playing different games at this point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think it's crucially
iPhone: Right, yeah.
iPhone: It feels good to me.
iPhone: It's not a spiteful thing and it's not a resentful thing. It's my new survival.
iPhone: That's what it is. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's taking care of me.
iPhone: Yes. Yeah, right.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which
Happening.
iPhone: It does have to happen because I remember thinking, well, if I take four pills at a time.
iPhone: When he does that, and that wasn't unusual that was not unusual. It was I had said this in group early on, boy, was he, my biggest trigger
iPhone: Because he would get going. And I would get going. So, something had to change.
iPhone: Yeah sides. Yeah, yeah, it was thought it was so obvious so quickly.
iPhone: What what was going on in my mind so
iPhone: So this is working for me. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yeah.
Absolutely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he hasn't questioned or
iPhone: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going on.
iPhone: No, no, no.
iPhone: No.
iPhone: No, he seldom does. He's usually too focused on him.
iPhone: Yeah, he's, he hasn't asked her a question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe at some point he might
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think
iPhone: I don't know. I don't know.
iPhone: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
iPhone: Unfortunately, yeah.
No, I don't.
iPhone: You know what he said to me last week. It was the most bizarre off the fucking wall saying, I'm sorry I throw that out sometimes I'm getting really much better. But that's part of my
iPhone: Thoughts of him. It's just what's a fucking deal
iPhone: But he was going to
iPhone: Since I'm working and he's not used to always laugh at me first of all about making dinner because I'd start thinking about it in the morning he thought that was the funniest thing you're thinking about dinner. It's not until well now he understands what
iPhone: About dinner helps with
iPhone: Mm hmm. So I made it chicken and beautiful. You know, the roasted chicken one cold weekend and with the carrots and potatoes. So we had leftover chicken.
iPhone: And so he was going to make our well I make our casserole. It's the family castle, but he was going to make casserole. I said, oh, right, you know, and he's gonna do it this way or that way. And he says, I said, I don't know if we have broccoli, because it's a big user well
iPhone: I won't use broccoli. And so I said, well, think about it, because you'll need to put something in place of that.
iPhone: Right now, or I'm just trying to help him give him.
iPhone: Because he doesn't know at all the basics, or how and he said, okay, maybe I'll do this or that and I you know I was he went he was telling me we were actually involved with a third person and I see. I said, Yeah, but so I I come home from work. I'm so excited about this casserole.
iPhone: And he didn't make the casserole because he was afraid I would make fun of him. If I did it if he did it wrong.
iPhone: And that's how his life is
iPhone: He's always afraid I'm gonna make fun of him so he'd rather not even try. But this came out. And I thought, you know, I didn't respond at them, or I probably did respond I said that's that's fucking sad, isn't it.
iPhone: I said, No one should live that way. And then I didn't say anything else. Of course I did indeed I wasn't hungry at that point and
iPhone: I think it was a day before Valentine's Day.
iPhone: And we sat with that of course he said nothing else.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Valentine's card was very simple, very didn't say anything inside, actually. And I just, it said it was a quote from Shakespeare and then I just wrote
iPhone: However that may be, Donna. We went through Valentine's Day, you know, very low key. He had nothing card for me to and I forgotten all about it until you and I are talking. We've never discussed the per diem capsule which he can't attempt, because he's afraid to laugh at them.
iPhone: That's sad. That's very sad.
iPhone: And
iPhone: What could
I had it sounds like
iPhone: We were talking about it over the weekend.
iPhone: But the weekend came and went, and I guess maybe that was part of his loud banging and stuff, but I didn't bring it up, and neither did he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did that hurt you. And he said that
iPhone: I don't know if it hurt me. I just thought, Boy, that's just so fucking sad.
iPhone: casserole. The either. I don't know. I thought it was a sad STUPID, AND IT. NO, IT pissed me off more than it hurts me
iPhone: Because I thought he is playing baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Peters playing maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe it was just an excuse to get out of
iPhone: Making it. Right, right, right, which is which is probably number one reason.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't make dinner often
iPhone: No, no, no. He does not. And when he does, he usually doesn't start it until I get home with stuff that should have been started either in the morning or hours ago. And then I end up finishing good or doing it.
iPhone: When it's when he first
iPhone: came home from work, like I told you a while ago was very unexpected and not the plan.
iPhone: He was having fun with dinners. Well that lasted about two weeks.
iPhone: Where he was looking up recipes and I think he was doing them with joy and now he does them with anger and resentment.
iPhone: And
iPhone: It's just stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad that you're honing in on yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, you don't want to feed into the rest of that stuff or let it drag you down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I know with the process that you're going through and the things that you were trying to work on, you know, it's important that you, you know, keep doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you'll figure it out.
iPhone: Right. Or he won't great one. That's not my problem.
iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you guys thought at all this week.
iPhone: For no good.
iPhone: No we tiptoe around each other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's that new boot dresser.
iPhone: Oh, it's still as is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I had to choose OUT OF IT, BECAUSE I HAVE TO MOVE THE HEAVY BOXES.
iPhone: To see what shoes are in there. It's useless.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I have to wait for it to get warm because it's out in the garage and it's cold out there and on some warm day hopefully I'll get out there and make some use of it right now. It's useless. It's just shoots piled on top of each other.
iPhone: And no order or no suggest
iPhone: Yeah, her a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing for the mass. Right, right.
iPhone: Right. Right. Exactly.
iPhone: Please don't touch my things
iPhone: But, um,
iPhone: Yeah. Nope, the booth. It's not working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either side. It's funny because it's like most other things he does.
iPhone: He puts things in storage. Last year, he's paying for this huge storage.
iPhone: Because he thought we were moving and the things he took to storage are the things we use all the time. So I've just had to go and buy new
iPhone: It's the same with the shoe thing is all my shoes are piled up. I don't know what's in there. I just
iPhone: You know, but shoes. Last month I bought two pairs of new shoes because my shoes are in there somewhere. But I'll be damned if I'm gonna
iPhone: And I have a torn rotator cuff. So he's got him in huge moving boxes my shoes that I have to go pull out and dig through. He said, Oh, well, I'll help you move the boxes and thinking, not always. Here I have to. It's the shoe box is not working the shoes. The shoes closet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
iPhone: Half thought out half thought out, great idea but not implemented, just like everything, everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but
iPhone: I don't want to go there.
iPhone: I think we're almost out of time.
iPhone: So,
iPhone: Tell me where does a bunch of resentments.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just tell me what you're going to do for the next couple weeks and that is going to really kind of hone in on you.
iPhone: I'm going to continue to set aside time for me and then go to continue to find enjoyment and pleasure and things that I commit to I will not commit to us.
iPhone: But I will go back to the massage store and I will go there. I will try to go there every week. And if the weather stays as it's been I'm going to, I'm going to start walking a few times a week.
iPhone: Outside away from my clock out of the work building and at a good time of things. The fresh air and the walking will be just a great prescription for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it should. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just kind of wait on the on the painting class.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, because then I end up beating myself up right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, we don't want that. We don't want any more that you know be right all baby. So see if you can get out intake. A 30 minute walk, you know, that's a start. You know what I mean, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A
iPhone: Good start. Yes, you're right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're gonna start walking on good days because the weather's very
If he
Kind of comes and goes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just, you know, keep doing what you're doing down a you know you're focusing on you. You're not engaging in the drama. You know, you're just kind of letting it be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's really a good place to be.
iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: allowing him to own his own behaviors. You know, it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Parenting to okay and allow yourself to have those rest days too, by the way.
iPhone: All pajama days. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: You know, yeah, yeah.
iPhone: They're important I think. I never did because he was always so negative
iPhone: towards them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're building your show.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This isn't about you know him. This is about you.
Right.
iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay so until the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next time we see each other. I'm going to hear that you've gone in several walks and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Least a couple
iPhone: Oh yeah, absolutely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we're doing every two weeks. Right.
iPhone: Yes, please.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next four. Okay, so the next time is the third
iPhone: Third of March. Oh boy, it's flying, isn't it.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, I hope you're well. Rebecca, so stay well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: YouTube very much
iPhone: To in two weeks. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Donna.
iPhone: I'll talk to you in two weeks. Thank you very much. Okay, bye love. Hi.
Teddy: Hello.
Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't see you. I can hear you.
Teddy: I missed my internet if I turn on the internet, kind of like the video.
Teddy: It was cutting out the volume and everything but alternate on and if it cuts out or just have to go back to the audio.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today, I think we are just doing an individual, we're going to spend a little bit of time together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get to know each other a little bit because I think the plan is is that you and I are going to be working together individually.
Teddy: I kind of really didn't really have the time or like the need really think they just made a suggestion to me to do an individual. I've been on the program for
Teddy: Like already almost two years and I haven't really done any new
Bow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues have have any issues came up or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lately extra stress from home life or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Loan reason that they suggested
Teddy: I think I was just maybe having like a bad week or something like that, like just feeling a little bit depressed, but
Teddy: Like nothing out of my normal what I always feel like it just, you know, we got the new doctor and stuff and he didn't really like know the way I am and stuff. But you know, I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was a new doctor
I'm
Teddy: I forgot.
Teddy: But I saw the same
Teddy: She like again. I don't know.
Who's your counselor.
Teddy: Like the tip of my tongue. The Dr.
Christopher
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Christopher
Mean
Teddy: I i've been tapering and I just started tapering again and still Dominique Is my counselor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that the thing is is that Dominic isn't going to be seeing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Clients individually at this point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm looking. I've never
Teddy: Really for the whole pretty much the whole program that I've been on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Teddy: The whole time I've been. I've never had individual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your in the map program.
Teddy: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you on program. Okay. And you're on a taper.
Teddy: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has the taper been going
Teddy: It's like it always does, you know, a little bit rough in the first couple days and then once I get used to it. I do slow taper so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many times have you done them.
Teddy: tapers well I just started again.
Teddy: Because with the doctors switching the doctors and stuff like that. It was really hard. I won't even get my medication. So I just started the tapering again just
Teddy: This last two weeks ago, actually.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What didn't. What did you start off as far as the top. What were you thinking
Teddy: And your paper to eat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, and any cravings or issues arising from it.
Teddy: No, nothing like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about emotions.
Teddy: Nothing out of the normal just, you know,
Teddy: Regular stuff, you know, good days bad days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: bad days. Good days,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, back and forth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it has her anxiety, even
Teddy: Really have anxiety, too bad at all. You know, I've been getting out more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What have you been doing
Teddy: Working I've held a job now for a whole year straight
Teddy: Steady 40 hours a week I've actually this last month I work
Teddy: Seven days a week, because I'm working on two projects of my own so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and how is your recovery going
Teddy: going good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me, can you tell me a little bit about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you go to support groups or church or
Teddy: Just found you know that that are supportive with me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm
Gonna
Teddy: Finish.
Got what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't hear you. What did you say
Teddy: Well, let's turn our know I just have a family friend, you know that we're going through the same thing are supportive with me.
Teddy: Let's try find, you know, religious, little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Issues came up lately in your life.
Teddy: My life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Any struggles any
Teddy: Know, I've actually been doing really good
Teddy: Financially, I'm good. I mean, like I said, I have a project that I'm working on the investment. I'm working on a car like it's solid
Teddy: Ratings actually been really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I think what the idea is, is for you to get engaged with individuals right now while you're going through your taper. I think that that's probably what it is and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to, if in case you need any kind of added support while you're dropping down in milligrams
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. Coleman is really what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Teddy: Well, no, I'm just saying that I had tapered before I never really, I never did individual kind of or even like doing individual counseling it before really like this.
Teddy: It's not necessary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. What about just checking in with me for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next couple weeks where you're going through your taper.
Just checking on your process.
Teddy: That's fine if that's what you guys want to do. But, you know, like I said, I've tapered before and I've never had any issues or problems with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you taper completely off before
Teddy: No, no, I'm like I said, I started at
Teddy: 60 milligrams and I over the last two years, I've gotten down to eight. The just a real slow taper and for like three months. I didn't take her at all because with the changes over there because facility.
Teddy: Was the main reason behind that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now you feel more secure and more comfortable to begin it again.
Teddy: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the goal is it to be completely off Suboxone or get down to a lower dosage, or what is the goal.
Teddy: Yeah, to eventually be completely off. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long did you give yourself, did you think it was gonna take
Teddy: Like, I think I'm right on track about where I want to be. Because if I go too fast. I feel like I'll get the withdrawals and stuff will just
Teddy: Yeah, more of an uncomfortable feeling, you know, than anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I get that. Very much so. So how about that we, you and I, we just kind of schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the next couple weeks we can even go by. We leave you want to while you're going through this taper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You might check ins, do some
Teddy: You do a group by like once a month.
Teddy: We do like once a month, because I'm really strapped for time, you know, mostly, and then I know like
Teddy: I get out right at like 530 and by time. I rushed home and everything. It's, it's like rushing everything to get to a six o'clock appointment, you know,
Teddy: And like with my schedule and stuff like that. It's
Teddy: Sometimes any reason that I might have to work later or something like that. Now that it's getting warmer, you start working later as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, what do you do
Teddy: It. We can just like scheduling once a month, and I'll have a better shot of, you know, meeting that goal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, but tell me what what days and times work best for you. And let me see what I've got.
Teddy: It's kind of like any day after, after five after like around six is really like the beginning time that's really cutting it close but you know when I'm around six after six
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Teddy: I was on probation. I just got off probation. They gave me a clean slate, you know, cuz I'm going any trouble or anything, you know, just like everything's going really good for me right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you, are you willing to do Thursdays at six.
Teddy: Yeah, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, today's the 18th
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the next time that you and I would meet would be around March.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Night 90
Teddy: March 19
Teddy: Yeah, and well people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we don't want be called an individual, it'll be called a wellness check
Teddy: Yeah yeah well I do that with
Teddy: Dominique, you know, we do a wellness check once a month, you know, and or every three months, we do a wellness check and you know bowl set up some goals and then
Teddy: You know, then after wellness check we we see what goals are met and stuff like that, you know, that's something that we used to do all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you said six o'clock, my time.
Teddy: Sorry, I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it would be five o'clock, my time. So it would have to be six o'clock, my time.
Teddy: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a five.
Teddy: So it was I make my time six
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will make your time seven
Teddy: One.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, it's about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 15
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's a, it's just a 15 minute check in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to check and see how you're doing. If you're struggling with something we can talk through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is all it is is just a wellness check and see how your recovery is going are you coming up within the issues through your taper. You know what I mean, that's all.
Teddy: Sounds good.
Teddy: All market only
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I've got you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On March 19
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: at 6pm Pacific Standard Time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is seven o'clock Mountain Standard Time.
Teddy: Okay, so seven o'clock.
Uh huh.
Teddy: Want to make sure I market because I'll tell you, they'll get so busy. I forget.
Teddy: The 1997
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, it'll just be a check in to see how you're doing how things are going and anything that you want to work on, we can make some goals like you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Used to do on what you're going to do, you know,
Teddy: Yeah, and then like later on if I feel like I need you know maybe a bi weekly or a weekly column clean or whatever, you know, like
Teddy: Need a little more attention. Later on, or something, you know,
Teddy: Things change all the time. So,
Teddy: Maybe I'll lose my job or something you know you know need that extra support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just call in, if that happens between now and the next time that we meet just call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The clinic and let them know you have an appointment with me, but you want to have it. You want to be able to see me before then. And they'll get you scheduled right into my schedule. Okay.
Teddy: That sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Tell me, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you go.
All right. Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will check back in with you. We have a confirmed appointment for March 19 for a wellness check and for goal setting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll review your treatment plan that you had in place and take a look at things that you've completed and things that you still need to work on why we're going through this process. Okay.
Teddy: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will talk to you later. You have a great week.
Teddy: All right, you too. Bye bye.